README.md, before:

# Leetcode-Solutions
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0039-combination-sum](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0039-combination-sum) |
| [0040-combination-sum-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0040-combination-sum-ii) |
| [0046-permutations](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0046-permutations) |
| [0078-subsets](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0078-subsets) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0090-subsets-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0090-subsets-ii) |
| [0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0130-surrounded-regions](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0130-surrounded-regions) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow) |
| [0695-max-area-of-island](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0695-max-area-of-island) |
| [1036-rotting-oranges](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1036-rotting-oranges) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0039-combination-sum](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0039-combination-sum) |
| [0040-combination-sum-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0040-combination-sum-ii) |
| [0046-permutations](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0046-permutations) |
| [0078-subsets](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0078-subsets) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0090-subsets-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0090-subsets-ii) |
| [0131-palindrome-partitioning](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0131-palindrome-partitioning) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0078-subsets](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0078-subsets) |
| [0090-subsets-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0090-subsets-ii) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0131-palindrome-partitioning](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0131-palindrome-partitioning) |
| [0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0098-validate-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0098-validate-binary-search-tree) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0110-balanced-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0110-balanced-binary-tree) |
| [0130-surrounded-regions](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0130-surrounded-regions) |
| [0133-clone-graph](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0133-clone-graph) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
| [0207-course-schedule](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0207-course-schedule) |
| [0210-course-schedule-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0210-course-schedule-ii) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
| [0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst) |
| [0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree) |
| [0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow) |
| [0543-diameter-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0543-diameter-of-binary-tree) |
| [0572-subtree-of-another-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0572-subtree-of-another-tree) |
| [0684-redundant-connection](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0684-redundant-connection) |
| [0695-max-area-of-island](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0695-max-area-of-island) |
| [1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0130-surrounded-regions](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0130-surrounded-regions) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
| [0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow) |
| [0695-max-area-of-island](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0695-max-area-of-island) |
| [1036-rotting-oranges](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1036-rotting-oranges) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0131-palindrome-partitioning](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0131-palindrome-partitioning) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
| [0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list) |
| [0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal) |
| [0133-clone-graph](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0133-clone-graph) |
| [0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer) |
| [0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0098-validate-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0098-validate-binary-search-tree) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal) |
| [0110-balanced-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0110-balanced-binary-tree) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
| [0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst) |
| [0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree) |
| [0543-diameter-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0543-diameter-of-binary-tree) |
| [0572-subtree-of-another-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0572-subtree-of-another-tree) |
| [0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream) |
| [1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0130-surrounded-regions](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0130-surrounded-regions) |
| [0133-clone-graph](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0133-clone-graph) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
| [0207-course-schedule](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0207-course-schedule) |
| [0210-course-schedule-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0210-course-schedule-ii) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
| [0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow) |
| [0684-redundant-connection](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0684-redundant-connection) |
| [0695-max-area-of-island](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0695-max-area-of-island) |
| [1036-rotting-oranges](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1036-rotting-oranges) |
| [1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0098-validate-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0098-validate-binary-search-tree) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal) |
| [0110-balanced-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0110-balanced-binary-tree) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
| [0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst) |
| [0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree) |
| [0543-diameter-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0543-diameter-of-binary-tree) |
| [0572-subtree-of-another-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0572-subtree-of-another-tree) |
| [0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream) |
| [1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree) |
## String Matching
|  |
| ------- |
| [0572-subtree-of-another-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0572-subtree-of-another-tree) |
## Hash Function
|  |
| ------- |
| [0572-subtree-of-another-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0572-subtree-of-another-tree) |
## Binary Search Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0098-validate-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0098-validate-binary-search-tree) |
| [0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst) |
| [0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree) |
| [0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal) |
## Union Find
|  |
| ------- |
| [0130-surrounded-regions](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0130-surrounded-regions) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
| [0684-redundant-connection](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0684-redundant-connection) |
| [0695-max-area-of-island](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0695-max-area-of-island) |
## Graph
|  |
| ------- |
| [0133-clone-graph](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0133-clone-graph) |
| [0207-course-schedule](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0207-course-schedule) |
| [0210-course-schedule-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0210-course-schedule-ii) |
| [0684-redundant-connection](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0684-redundant-connection) |
## Topological Sort
|  |
| ------- |
| [0207-course-schedule](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0207-course-schedule) |
| [0210-course-schedule-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0210-course-schedule-ii) |
## Design
|  |
| ------- |
| [0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream) |
## Data Stream
|  |
| ------- |
| [0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

1014-K-CLOSEST-POINTS-TO-ORIGIN Stats: Time: 83 ms (34.22%), Space: 23.9 MB (6.13%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# Leetcode-Solutions
<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0039-combination-sum](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0039-combination-sum) |
| [0040-combination-sum-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0040-combination-sum-ii) |
| [0046-permutations](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0046-permutations) |
| [0078-subsets](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0078-subsets) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0090-subsets-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0090-subsets-ii) |
| [0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0130-surrounded-regions](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0130-surrounded-regions) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow) |
| [0695-max-area-of-island](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0695-max-area-of-island) |
| [1014-k-closest-points-to-origin](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1014-k-closest-points-to-origin) |
| [1036-rotting-oranges](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1036-rotting-oranges) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0039-combination-sum](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0039-combination-sum) |
| [0040-combination-sum-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0040-combination-sum-ii) |
| [0046-permutations](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0046-permutations) |
| [0078-subsets](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0078-subsets) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0090-subsets-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0090-subsets-ii) |
| [0131-palindrome-partitioning](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0131-palindrome-partitioning) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0078-subsets](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0078-subsets) |
| [0090-subsets-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0090-subsets-ii) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0131-palindrome-partitioning](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0131-palindrome-partitioning) |
| [0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0098-validate-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0098-validate-binary-search-tree) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0110-balanced-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0110-balanced-binary-tree) |
| [0130-surrounded-regions](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0130-surrounded-regions) |
| [0133-clone-graph](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0133-clone-graph) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
| [0207-course-schedule](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0207-course-schedule) |
| [0210-course-schedule-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0210-course-schedule-ii) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
| [0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst) |
| [0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree) |
| [0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow) |
| [0543-diameter-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0543-diameter-of-binary-tree) |
| [0572-subtree-of-another-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0572-subtree-of-another-tree) |
| [0684-redundant-connection](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0684-redundant-connection) |
| [0695-max-area-of-island](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0695-max-area-of-island) |
| [1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree) |
## Matrix
|  |
| ------- |
| [0079-word-search](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0079-word-search) |
| [0130-surrounded-regions](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0130-surrounded-regions) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
| [0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow) |
| [0695-max-area-of-island](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0695-max-area-of-island) |
| [1036-rotting-oranges](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1036-rotting-oranges) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0131-palindrome-partitioning](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0131-palindrome-partitioning) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
| [0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list) |
| [0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0019-remove-nth-node-from-end-of-list) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
| [0143-reorder-list](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0143-reorder-list) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal) |
| [0133-clone-graph](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0133-clone-graph) |
| [0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0138-copy-list-with-random-pointer) |
| [0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
| [1014-k-closest-points-to-origin](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1014-k-closest-points-to-origin) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0287-find-the-duplicate-number](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0287-find-the-duplicate-number) |
## Sliding Window
|  |
| ------- |
| [0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0003-longest-substring-without-repeating-characters) |
| [0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0424-longest-repeating-character-replacement) |
| [0567-permutation-in-string](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0567-permutation-in-string) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0098-validate-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0098-validate-binary-search-tree) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal) |
| [0110-balanced-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0110-balanced-binary-tree) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
| [0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst) |
| [0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree) |
| [0543-diameter-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0543-diameter-of-binary-tree) |
| [0572-subtree-of-another-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0572-subtree-of-another-tree) |
| [0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream) |
| [1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0130-surrounded-regions](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0130-surrounded-regions) |
| [0133-clone-graph](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0133-clone-graph) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
| [0207-course-schedule](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0207-course-schedule) |
| [0210-course-schedule-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0210-course-schedule-ii) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
| [0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0417-pacific-atlantic-water-flow) |
| [0684-redundant-connection](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0684-redundant-connection) |
| [0695-max-area-of-island](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0695-max-area-of-island) |
| [1036-rotting-oranges](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1036-rotting-oranges) |
| [1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0098-validate-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0098-validate-binary-search-tree) |
| [0100-same-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0100-same-tree) |
| [0102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0102-binary-tree-level-order-traversal) |
| [0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0104-maximum-depth-of-binary-tree) |
| [0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal) |
| [0110-balanced-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0110-balanced-binary-tree) |
| [0199-binary-tree-right-side-view](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0199-binary-tree-right-side-view) |
| [0226-invert-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0226-invert-binary-tree) |
| [0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst) |
| [0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree) |
| [0543-diameter-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0543-diameter-of-binary-tree) |
| [0572-subtree-of-another-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0572-subtree-of-another-tree) |
| [0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream) |
| [1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1544-count-good-nodes-in-binary-tree) |
## String Matching
|  |
| ------- |
| [0572-subtree-of-another-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0572-subtree-of-another-tree) |
## Hash Function
|  |
| ------- |
| [0572-subtree-of-another-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0572-subtree-of-another-tree) |
## Binary Search Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0098-validate-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0098-validate-binary-search-tree) |
| [0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0230-kth-smallest-element-in-a-bst) |
| [0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0235-lowest-common-ancestor-of-a-binary-search-tree) |
| [0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream) |
## Divide and Conquer
|  |
| ------- |
| [0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0105-construct-binary-tree-from-preorder-and-inorder-traversal) |
| [1014-k-closest-points-to-origin](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1014-k-closest-points-to-origin) |
## Union Find
|  |
| ------- |
| [0130-surrounded-regions](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0130-surrounded-regions) |
| [0200-number-of-islands](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0200-number-of-islands) |
| [0684-redundant-connection](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0684-redundant-connection) |
| [0695-max-area-of-island](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0695-max-area-of-island) |
## Graph
|  |
| ------- |
| [0133-clone-graph](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0133-clone-graph) |
| [0207-course-schedule](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0207-course-schedule) |
| [0210-course-schedule-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0210-course-schedule-ii) |
| [0684-redundant-connection](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0684-redundant-connection) |
## Topological Sort
|  |
| ------- |
| [0207-course-schedule](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0207-course-schedule) |
| [0210-course-schedule-ii](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0210-course-schedule-ii) |
## Design
|  |
| ------- |
| [0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream) |
| [1014-k-closest-points-to-origin](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1014-k-closest-points-to-origin) |
## Data Stream
|  |
| ------- |
| [0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/0789-kth-largest-element-in-a-stream) |
## Geometry
|  |
| ------- |
| [1014-k-closest-points-to-origin](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1014-k-closest-points-to-origin) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [1014-k-closest-points-to-origin](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1014-k-closest-points-to-origin) |
## Quickselect
|  |
| ------- |
| [1014-k-closest-points-to-origin](https://github.com/AanshKot/Leetcode-Solutions/tree/master/1014-k-closest-points-to-origin) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
